---
templateKey: article
title: Harry Maguire Will he make England squad?
date: 2020-08-25T09:36:29.104Z
description: Manager Gareth Southgate will name his first England squad of 2020 on Tuesday for next month's Nations League fixtures against Iceland and Denmark.
author: Jack May
image: /img/maguire.jpg
sport: Football
---
v

He has several selection headaches - not least whether to include defender Harry Maguire.

Maguire, 27, pleaded not guilty and was released from police custody after his arrest in Mykonos last week.

Captain Harry Kane should be available despite being in quarantine following a trip to the Bahamas.

The disruption caused to the football calendar by coronavirus, including Euro 2020 being delayed by a year until 2021, means England have not played since November 2019, when a 4-0 win in Kosovo concluded their Euro 2020 qualification campaign.

England face Euro 2016 conquerors Iceland in Reykjavik on 5 September before playing Denmark in Copenhagen on 8 September.

Southgate could include several new faces such as Manchester United forward Mason Greenwood, Aston Villa skipper Jack Grealish and Manchester City playmaker Phil Foden in what is expected to be a larger than usual squad.

### How does the Nations League work again?

Uefa's 55 nations have been divided into four leagues, with the highest-ranked teams in League A and the lowest in League D.

Within each of those leagues, teams have been divided into four pots of four (with the exception of League D, which has one pot of four and one of three).

League A has been expanded to 16 teams from 12, meaning England are in a group of four teams, not three.

They will play Belgium, Denmark and Iceland home and away between now and 18 November.
