---
templateKey: article
title: Manchester United secured a place in the Champions League at the expense of Leicester City with victory at King Power Stadium.
date: 2020-07-24T14:36:29.104Z
description: Britain's former world number one Andy Murray says he is "mentally planning" for the US Open to go ahead.
featuredpost: true
featuredimage: /img/united.jpg
---
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's side needed a point from this decisive final-day meeting to confirm a place in the top four - and break the hearts of the Foxes, who were in a Champions League spot for so much of the season.

Leicester needed victory once Chelsea took command at home to Wolverhampton Wanderers but their dreams were dashed as Bruno Fernandes scored a 71st-minute penalty after Anthony Martial tumbled under challenge from Wes Morgan and Jonny Evans.

Both sides had their chances, with Leicester City keeper Kasper Schmeichel saving well from Marcus Rashford in the first half and Jamie Vardy seeing a header glance off the frame of the goal after the break.

Leicester pressed but could not break Manchester United down and their misery was compounded when Evans was sent off against his former club for a wild, late lunge on Scott McTominay.

Manchester United confirmed the formalities seconds from time when substitute Jesse Lingard robbed Schmeichel and rolled the ball into an empty net.

It is a result that fulfils the usual minimum requirement of Champions League qualification for Manchester United.

But while Leicester City's fifth-placed finish is highly creditable and earns a place in the Europa League, this will undoubtedly be a huge disappointment and anti-climax after being in a position to reach the Champions League for so long.

It will be scant consolation for them that striker Vardy will claim the Golden Boot, as the Premier League's top scorer with 23 goals.

## Fernandes transforms Man Utd

After Fernandes had made an impressive debut in a goalless draw at home to Wolves on 1 February, Manchester United stood 14 points adrift of Leicester City, who were third.

Fast forward to his decisive role in this victory that sees United qualify for next season's Champions League by taking that third place, and you can see the extent of his impact.

The Portuguese attacker - a mid-season signing from Sporting Lisbon in a deal that could eventually be worth around £68m - has provided the missing link for this Manchester United side.

He has built a bridge between midfield and a talented attacking array of strikers with his talent and his positive style, looking forward every time he receives possession.

Fernandes was not at his best here but he was the man who unlocked Leicester's defence as Martial won the crucial penalty, then performed his usual hop, skip and jump to send Schmeichel the wrong way and ease any lingering United nerves.

It capped a remarkable recovery for Manchester United - with credit also due to manager Solskjaer for guiding his side into the top four.
